Ingest → Parse → Evaluate → Store → Render. the point of this layout is that the each diagonistic section plus the medical orchestrator would have its own deciacted version of this architecture, (blood work would be ingest a pdf save the raw markers, evulated using standard machine learning (deterministic) then sent to a further logic engine (LLM with diagonitics specific skill - system prompt + rag (perplexity style but domain specific sources only). The point of this pipe line is that we are not relying on the llm as the core anaylsis, it is probalistic and since in the medical field we have clean criteria for what we are evaulating (condition, certain combinations of markers - depends the daigonstic medium) ML is the better choice. This provides a more acurate for diagonstic, doesn't tie our core functionality to model providers, does not implicate us in LLM restrictions that are going to put into place (Ban on AI Chatbots Providing Legal and Medical Advice (S7263)) as the diagonistics we are provding is deterministic (there is clear evidence what the criteria we are test for - this can be tested and approved by medical bodies.)


the medical Orchestrator also shares the same node architecture, but its inputs are data from all other nodes - the evulation conducted in the   Orchestrator are cross diagonsitical. How each diagonstic domains results interact with each other, a systemic view.

  Each node has its own dedicated UI or dashboard and chat - this allows for deep diagonstics overview for each domain while the Orchestrator gives a   general overview + systemic interations. You are not trying to manage everything in one dashboard. The way this is managed is that each node has its   own pipeline + its own frontend. Frontends (data + chat) are traversed using the tree in the naviagation console (centre tab in the app). this allows    for easy data management and modular design allows for extention to be added within nodes or entire new nodes to be added (New diagonstics medium).

  The pipeline folder is just what data is sent where and why for each node. Most likey is that unified data and evaulations will be sent to that   specific nodes ui as well as up to the Orchestrator (for overview + systemic interations).
